Window "Manage field names & content": make title consistent with menu (+ localization) (#6895)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We completed the rebranding of `bibtexkey` as `citationkey` which was started in JabRef 5.1.
- JabRef no longer opens the entry editor with the first entry on startup [#6855](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6855)
- Fetch by ID: (long) "SAO/NASA Astrophysics Data System" replaced by (short) "SAO/NASA ADS" [#6876](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/6876)

> - Window "Manage field names and content": same title as the menu (+ localization) [#6895](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/6895)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We changed the title of the window  "Manage field names and content":  to have the same title as the corresponding menu item  [#6895](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/6895)
```
